<lea:blurb>This is the blurb.</lea:blurb>
<lea:title>About this Publication</lea:title>
<lea:author>
<lea:name>Eduard Pech</lea:name>
</lea:author>



    <h1 class="heading">About this Publication</h1>

    <p>When citing material from The Pitch Science Fiction [<lea:link>https://portal.issn.org/resource/ISSN/2806-4240</lea:link>], please include not only the title and issue, but also the publisher imprint and the ISBN of the edition you are using. This ensures clarity, since different editions may contain different supplementary material.</p>

    <hr class="asterism"/>

    <p>This publication contains a mix of original works and carefully curated public domain texts. The information below details the origin and copyright status of each story and illustration.</p>

<p>The authorized translation of <em><lea:link>M2</lea:link></em> by <lea:link>Daria Skrinitsa</lea:link> is copyright 2025 by Eduard Pech. The story is included in this anthology by permission. <em>M2</em> was originally published in Russian and is copyright by Daria Skrinitsa.</p>

    <p>The following texts are believed to be in the public domain based on publication dates and copyright research. No claim is made to them.</p>

<p><em><lea:link>The Status Civilization</lea:link></em> by <lea:link>Robert Sheckley</lea:link> originally appeared under the title <em>Omega</em> in <em>Amazing Science Fiction Stories</em> in 1960. Extensive research found no evidence that the U.S. copyright for this publication was renewed.</p>

<p><em><lea:link>Gambler’s World</lea:link></em> by <lea:link>Keith Laumer</lea:link> originally appeared in <em>Worlds of If</em>, November 1961. Extensive research found no evidence that the U.S. copyright for this publication was renewed. Obvious typesetting errors have been corrected.</p>

<p><em><lea:link>Arm of the Law</lea:link></em> by <lea:link>Harry Harrison</lea:link> originally appeared in <em>Fantastic Universe</em>, August 1958. Extensive research found no evidence that the U.S. copyright for this publication was renewed. Minor spelling and typographical errors have been corrected without note. The editorial teaser for this story reads: <em>How could a robot—a machine, after all—be involved in something like law application and violence? Harry Harrison, who will be remembered for his THE VELVET GLOVE (Nov. 1956) and his more recent TRAINEE FOR MARS (June 1958) tells what happens when a police robot hits an outpost on Mars.⏎At one time—this was before the Robot Restriction Laws—they’d even allowed them to make their own decisions....</em></p>

    <p><em><lea:link>The World That Couldn’t Be</lea:link></em> by <lea:link>Clifford D. Simak</lea:link> originally appeared in <em>Galaxy Science Fiction</em>, January 1958. Extensive research found no evidence that the U.S. copyright for this publication was renewed. The editorial teaser for this story reads: <em>Like every farmer on every planet, Duncan had to hunt down anything that damaged his crops—even though he was aware this was—</em></p>

    <p><em><lea:link>Islands of Space</lea:link></em> by <lea:link>John W. Campbell, Jr.</lea:link> originally appeared in <em>Amazing Stories Quarterly</em>, Spring 1931. This edition was produced from the 1966 reprint by <em>Ace Books</em> (M-143). Extensive research found no evidence that the U.S. copyright for this publication was renewed. This story is generally credited with introducing the concepts of hyperspace and the warp drive to science fiction. The editorial teaser for this story reads: <em>As Earth’s faster-than-light spaceship hung in the void between galaxies, Arcot, Wade, Morey and Fuller could see below them, like a vast shining horizon, the mass of stars that formed their own island universe. Morey worked a moment with his slide rule, then said, “We made good time! Twenty-nine light years in ten seconds! Yet you had it on at only half power....”⏎Arcot pushed the control lever all the way to full power. The ship filled with the strain of flowing energy, and sparks snapped in the air of the control room as they raced at an inconceivable speed through the darkness of intergalactic space.⏎But suddenly, far off to their left and far to their right, they saw two shining ships paralleling their course! They held grimly to the course of the Earth ship, bracketing it like an official guard.⏎The Earth scientists stared at them in wonder. “Lord,” muttered Morey, “where can they have come from?”⏎⏎John W. Campbell first started writing in 1930 when his first short story, <em>When the Atoms Failed</em>, was accepted by a science-fiction magazine. At that time he was twenty years old and still a student at college. As the title of the story indicates, he was even at that time occupied with the significance of atomic energy and nuclear physics.⏎For the next seven years, Campbell, bolstered by a scientific background that ran from childhood experiments, to study at Duke University and the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, wrote and sold science-fiction, achieving for himself an enviable reputation in the field.⏎In 1937 he became the editor of <em>Astounding Stories</em> magazine and applied himself at once to the task of bettering the magazine and the field of s-f writing in general. His influence on science-fiction since then has been great. Today he still remains as the editor of that magazine’s evolved and redesigned successor, <em>Analog.</em></em></p>

    <p><em><lea:link>A Question of Courage</lea:link></em> by <lea:link>Jesse F. Bone</lea:link> originally appeared in <em>Amazing Stories</em>, December 1960. Extensive research found no evidence that the U.S. copyright for this publication was renewed. Minor spelling and typographical errors have been corrected without note.</p>

<p><em><lea:link>The Sensitive Man</lea:link></em> by <lea:link>Poul Anderson</lea:link> originally appeared in <em>Fantastic Universe</em>, January 1954. Extensive research found no evidence that the U.S. copyright for this publication was renewed. The editorial teaser for this story reads: <em>Conspiracy seems to be as much a part of our times as it was in the times of Guy Fawkes and the Gunpowder Plot. Hence it finds frequent reflection in all branches of fiction, including science fiction. Yet, as in life, something new has been added, the most gigantic conspiracy of all, the human conspiracy against conspirators. Which makes for a fine stirring story in this short novel of the future by Mr. Anderson, one of our best young authors.⏎One man stood between a power-hungry cabal and world mastery—but a man of unusual talents.</em></p>

    <p><em><lea:link>The Memory of Mars</lea:link></em> by <lea:link>Raymond F. Jones</lea:link> originally appeared in <em>Amazing Stories</em>, December 1961. Extensive research found no evidence that the U.S. copyright for this publication was renewed. Minor spelling and typographical errors have been corrected without note. The editorial teaser for this story reads: <em>“As soon as I’m well we’ll go to Mars for a vacation again,” Alice would say. But now she was dead, and the surgeons said she was not even human. In his misery, Hastings knew two things: he loved his wife; but they had never been off Earth!</em></p>

    <p><em><lea:link>Let ’Em Breathe Space</lea:link></em> by <lea:link>Lester del Rey</lea:link> originally appeared in <em>Space Science Fiction</em>, July 1953. Extensive research found no evidence that the U.S. copyright for this publication was renewed. The editorial teaser for this story reads: <em>Eighteen men and two women in the closed world of a space ship for five months can only spell tension and trouble—but in this case, the atmosphere was <em>literally</em> poisoned.</em></p>

    <hr class="asterism"/>

    <p>The rule of shorter term [<lea:link>https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rule_of_the_shorter_term</lea:link>] applies to the following countries and regions:</p>

    <blockquote>
      <p>Albania, Algeria, Andorra (if public domain in the country of origin on the date the transitional provision entered force, 1999), Angola, Antigua and Barbuda, Argentina, Armenia (if public domain in the country of origin on the date article 45 entered force, 2006), Bangladesh, Belarus (while party to Berne Convention, 2008), Bhutan, Canada (for foreign works of joint authorship, except for countries party to the Canada–United States–Mexico Agreement, i.e. U.S. and Mexico), China (if public domain in the country of origin on the date of commencement of the Act, 2010), Dominican Republic, EU members (with the exception of Germany, and only towards non-European Union members), Guatemala, Guinea-Bissau, Honduras, Hong Kong, India (for countries designated in the official schedule [<lea:link>https://www.wipo.int/wipolex/en/legislation/details/22949</lea:link>]), Israel, Japan, Macau, New Zealand (if public domain in the country of origin on the date of commencement of the Act, 15 Dec 1994), Norway, Pakistan (for countries designated in the official schedule [<lea:link>https://www.wipo.int/wipolex/en/legislation/details/3482</lea:link>]), Russian Federation, Singapore, Suriname, Taiwan, Tanzania, Thailand, Timor-Leste, United Kingdom (unless simultaneously published in the United Kingdom).</p>
    </blockquote>

    <p>Furthermore, the rule of shorter term also applies to all overseas territories of the countries where the rule of shorter term applies:</p>

    <blockquote>
      <p>The Kingdom of Denmark: Faroe Islands; Greenland.</p>

      <p>Finland: Åland is an autonomous and demilitarised region of Finland.</p>

      <p>Overseas France: Clipperton Island; French Guiana; French Polynesia; French Southern and Antarctic Lands; Guadeloupe; Martinique; Mayotte; New Caledonia; Réunion; Saint Barthélemy; Saint Martin; Saint Pierre and Miquelon; Wallis and Futuna.</p>

      <p>Constituent countries of the Kingdom of the Netherlands: Aruba; Curaçao; Sint Maarten.</p>

      <p>The Realm of New Zealand: Cook Islands; Niue; Ross Dependency; Tokelau.</p>

      <p>Dependent territories of Norway: Bouvet Island; Queen Maud Land; Peter I Island.</p>

      <p>The Crown Dependencies of the United Kingdom: the Bailiwick of Jersey; the Bailiwick of Guernsey; the Isle of Man. The 14 British Overseas Territories: Akrotiri and Dhekelia; Anguilla; Bermuda; British Antarctic Territory; British Indian Ocean Territory; British Virgin Islands; Cayman Islands; Falkland Islands; Gibraltar; Montserrat; Pitcairn Islands; Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha; South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands; Turks and Caicos Islands.</p>

      <p>Insular Areas of the United States and Freely Associated States: American Samoa; Guam; the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands; the Republic of the Marshall Islands; the Federated States of Micronesia; the Republic of Palau; Puerto Rico; the U.S. Virgin Islands.</p>
    </blockquote>

    <hr class="asterism"/>

    <p>The <em>TeX Gyre Heros</em> family of sans-serif fonts is based on URW Nimbus Sans L. The original font, Helvetica, was created by Max Miedinger (with Eduard Hoffmann) in 1957 at the Haas Type Foundry. TeX Gyre Heros may be used as a substitute for Adobe Helvetica in documents.</p>

    <p>The <em>TeX Gyre Cursor</em> family of fonts is based on URW Nimbus Mono L. The original font, IBM Courier, was designed in 1955 by Howard G. “Bud” Kettler.</p>

    <p>These fonts are licensed under the GUST Font License (GFL) [<lea:link>https://ctan.org/license/gfl</lea:link>], which is based on the LaTeX Project Public License (LPPL) [<lea:link>https://www.latex-project.org/lppl/</lea:link>] with adjustments for free fonts. The LPPL is a recognized free software license [<lea:link>https://www.debian.org/intro/free</lea:link>.</p>

    <p><em>Noto</em> is a global font collection for writing in all modern and ancient languages. <em>Noto Sans Runic</em> is an unmodulated (“sans serif”) design for texts in the historical European Runic script. It has 94 glyphs. Copyright 2022 The Noto Project Authors.</p>

    <p>The <em>Comfortaa</em> font was designed by Johan Aakerlund. Copyright 2011 The Comfortaa Project.</p>

    <p>These fonts are licensed under the Open Font License [<lea:link>https://openfontlicense.org/</lea:link>], which allows use in any product or project—print or digital, commercial or otherwise.</p>

    <hr class="asterism"/>

    <p>All texts and illustrations not explicitly declared as being in the public domain are copyright 2025 by Eduard Pech.</p>

    <p>The complete edition is copyright 2025 by Logophilia.</p>

    <p>Logophilia is an imprint of Logophilia OÜ.</p>

    <p>Contact: <lea:link>https://lphi.top/c</lea:link> | originals@logophilia.eu.</p>

    <p>Logophilia on X: @ToeiIdoru [<lea:link>https://x.com/ToeiIdoru</lea:link>].</p>
