<lea:blurb>This is the blurb.</lea:blurb>
<lea:title>About the Publisher</lea:title>
<lea:author>
<lea:name>Eduard Pech</lea:name>
</lea:author>


<lea:target>About the Publisher</lea:target>
    <h1 class="heading">About the Publisher</h1>

    <p>Logophilia is a publishing house and supportive community dedicated to helping authors bring their stories to life, offering both traditional publishing and a range of services for success in the digital age. We invite both authors and readers to join our literary journey and explore a curated collection of published titles.</p>

<lea:image>
<lea:file>Welcome-to-Logophilia-512x256.jpg</lea:file>
<lea:caption></lea:caption>
</lea:image>
[<lea:link>https://lphi.top/lh/</lea:link>]

    <h2 class="heading break-before" id="sigil_toc_id_96">Calling Aspiring Writers!</h2>

    <p>Logophilia is actively seeking submissions from both new and experienced writers, welcoming diverse stories and offering a path to publication. We encourage aspiring authors to visit our website for submission guidelines and start their writing journey with us.</p>

<lea:image>
    <lea:file>Calling-Aspiring-Authors-512x256.jpg</lea:file>
    <lea:caption></lea:caption>
</lea:image>
[<lea:link>https://lphi.top/lcaa/</lea:link>]

    <h2 class="heading break-before" id="sigil_toc_id_97">Other Titles from Logophilia</h2>


<lea:image>
    <lea:file>2024-cover-512-qr.jpg</lea:file>
    <lea:caption></lea:caption>
</lea:image>
<lea:link>https://lphi.top/p-tpsf-4</lea:link>


    <p>The complete edition for 2024. It contains embedded fonts and graphic elements, including more than 100 new and original illustrations. Thirty-one exciting stories, more than 350 thousand words. Poul Anderson, Isaac Asimov, Leigh Brackett, Ray Bradbury, John W. Campbell, Jr., Philip K. Dick, Arthur Conan Doyle, Harlan Ellison, Philip José Farmer, Edmond Hamilton, Frank Herbert, Allen Kim Lang, Fritz Leiber, Murray Leinster, Jack London, H. P. Lovecraft, Katherine MacLean, Frederik Pohl, Cordwainer Smith, E. E. Smith, Jack Vance, Kurt Vonnegut, Jr., Stanley G. Weinbaum, Jack Williamson.</p>

<lea:image>
    <lea:file>2025Q1-cover-512-qr.jpg</lea:file>
    <lea:caption></lea:caption>
</lea:image>
        [<lea:link>https://lphi.top/p-tpsf-5</lea:link>]

    <p>Over 50 new and original illustrations. Ten exciting stories, more than 150 thousand words. <em>The Snowball Effect</em> by Katherine MacLean; <em>Missing Link</em> by Frank Herbert; <em>The Marching Morons</em> by C. M. Kornbluth; <em>Anthem</em> by Ayn Rand; <em>The Life Watch</em> by Lester del Rey; <em>The Wounded</em> by Philip José Farmer; <em>The Expendables</em> by A. E. van Vogt; <em>Metropolis</em> by Thea von Harbou; <em>The Voice of the Void</em> by John W. Campbell, Jr.; <em>Zero Hour</em> by Ray Bradbury.</p>


<lea:image>
    <lea:file>2025Q2-cover-512-qr.jpg</lea:file>
    <lea:caption>The Pitch Science Fiction 2Q2025</lea:caption>
</lea:image>
        [<lea:link>https://lphi.top/p-tpsf-6</lea:link>]

    <p>Over 50 new and original illustrations. Ten exciting stories, more than 170 thousand words. <em>Transcendence</em> by Idoru Toei; <em>Watchbird</em> by Robert Sheckley; <em>A Martian Odyssey</em> by Stanley G. Weinbaum; <em>The Time Machine</em> by H. G. Wells; <em>Despoilers of the Golden Empire</em> by Randall Garrett writing as David Gordon; <em>Industrial Revolution</em> by Poul Anderson writing as Winston P. Sanders; <em>ARMAGEDDON—2419 A.D.</em> by Philip Francis Nowlan; <em>Mr. Spaceship</em> by Philip K. Dick; <em>This Crowded Earth</em> by Robert Bloch; <em>Pillar of Fire</em> by Ray Bradbury.</p>



<lea:image>
    <lea:file>2025Q3-cover-512-qr.jpg</lea:file>
    <lea:caption>The Pitch Science Fiction 3Q2025</lea:caption>
</lea:image>
        [<lea:link>https://lphi.top/p-tpsf-7</lea:link>]


    <p>Dozens of new and original illustrations. Ten exciting stories, over 250 thousand words. <em>Plague Ship</em> by Andre Norton; <em>The Celestial Blueprint</em> by Philip José Farmer; <em>Deathworld</em> by Harry Harrison; <em>Valley of Dreams</em> by Stanley G. Weinbaum; <em>Hubris</em> by Idoru Toei; <em>Security</em> by Poul Anderson; <em>The Legion of Lazarus</em> by Edmond Hamilton; <em>Omnilingual</em> by H. Beam Piper; <em>The Magnificent Possession</em> by Isaac Asimov; <em>The Variable Man</em> by Philip K. Dick.</p>


<lea:image>
    <lea:file>-1-cover-512-qr.jpg</lea:file>
    <lea:caption>−1</lea:caption>
</lea:image>
        [<lea:link>https://lphi.top/p-1/</lea:link>]

    <p>He hacked the universe.<br/>The universe loved him for it.</p>

    <p>In 2079, the last great engineer stands on the brink of immortality. His mission? To rewrite the code of human consciousness—to strip away pain, optimize joy, and finally, upload himself into the quantum field that binds all existence.</p>

    <p>But the field has its own logic.</p>

    <p>As corporate warlords and mystic rebels battle to control reality’s fabric, a deeper truth emerges: Consciousness cannot be conquered. Only embraced.</p>

    <p>A visionary fusion of hard science fiction and cosmic romance, -1 is the story of the last mind to resist the universe... and the first to truly understand it. (<em>coming soon</em>)</p>


<lea:image>
    <lea:file>Hubris-cover-512-qr.jpg</lea:file>
    <lea:caption>Hubris</lea:caption>
</lea:image>
        [<lea:link>https://lphi.top/p-hubris/</lea:link>]

    <p>The twenty-second century. Humanity basked in its gilded cage: equality enshrined, abundance unbound, the solar system thrumming with contentment. Martian cities glittered, lifespans stretched beyond reckoning—until the void exhaled the Qhennthyk. Silent, implacable, they offered no treaties. Only oblivion.</p>

    <p>Earth’s councils wavered: expose the terror and risk collapse, or bury the truth and doom billions? Defiance stirred in the shadows. Colonies cast desperate lotteries in the abyss. A question festered: What solace is paradise when the universe demands its tithe?</p>

    <p><em>Hubris</em> traces a brutal pilgrimage through shattered dreams, probing the last embers of hope in a world undone. When control unravels, what binds us? And is oblivion the final cost of Eden?</p>


<lea:image>
    <lea:file>DoL-cover-512-qr.jpg</lea:file>
    <lea:caption>Dichotomies of Longing</lea:caption>
</lea:image>
        [<lea:link>https://lphi.top/p-dol/</lea:link>]


    <p>Beneath a sky stained blazing-fierce in Ishtar’s name, a priestess wagers her soul against a trader’s touch. A geisha’s whispered illusions cleave a samurai’s heart, leaving echoes of rusted honor. And in the coal-choked grip of Victorian London, an orphan’s stolen glance ignites forbidden embers within a master’s haunted grief.</p>

    <p>These are hymns to love’s jagged edges, wounds etched in the old tongues of honor and ruin. Oaths betrayed, alliances fractured, and souls reshaped in the crucible of silent rebellion. From sun-baked ziggurats to manors choked in gaslight, a question bleeds through: what lingers when devotion turns teeth-sharp defiance?</p>

    <p>No balm. No easy cartography of the heart. Just the visceral whispers of choices seared onto flesh. And the livid glint of hearts that won’t unclench, won’t beg for absolution.</p>

    <p>Embrace the ache. This is romance devoured alive. (<em>coming soon</em>)</p>

    <h2 class="heading break-before" id="sigil_toc_id_98">Professional EPUB Production Services</h2>


<lea:image>
    <lea:file>Professional-EPUB-Production-Services-512.jpg</lea:file>
    <lea:caption></lea:caption>
</lea:image>
        [<lea:link>https://lphi.top/p-ep/</lea:link>]

    <p>Are you ready to transform your manuscript into a polished e-book? Logophilia offers expert EPUB production services, adhering to the latest industry standards, including EPUB 3.3. EPUB is the industry standard with the widest compatibility across e-readers and distribution platforms, ensuring your book reaches readers everywhere.</p>

    <p>Our dedicated professionals, the same individuals behind Logophilia’s own titles, will handle every aspect of the production process. With in-house expertise and a commitment to quality, we guarantee the highest standards for every project, whether it’s one of our own titles or a commissioned work.</p>

    <p>Trust Logophilia for seamless, professional EPUB production. Elevate your manuscript to the next level and reach a global audience with confidence.</p>
